Clarify that the radiation pattern of a nonaxisymmetric dipole integrated in the azimuthal direction is rotationally invariant (#2951)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/Python_Tutorials/Cylindrical_Coordinates.md

Simulating a point-dipole source involves two parts: (1) perform a series of simulations for $m = 0, 1, 2, ..., M$ for some cutoff $M$ of the Fourier-series expansion (the solutions for $\pm m$ are simply complex conjugates), and (2) because of power orthogonality, sum the results from each $m$-simulation in post processing, where the $m > 0$ terms are multiplied by two to account for the $-m$ solutions. This procedure is described in more detail below.

> Physically, the *total* field $E(x,y,z)$ is a sum of $E_m(r,z)e^{im\phi}$ terms, one for the solution at each $m$ (similarly for $H$). Computing the total Poynting flux, however, involves integrating $\Re [E \times H^*]$ over a surface that includes an integral over $\phi$ in the range $[0,2\pi]$. (This is equivalent to arranging a *series* of dipoles with linear polarization and infinitesimal spacing along the circumference of a circle with fixed radius $r_0$. The radiation pattern from such a dipole arrangement is in consequence rotationally invariant.) The key point is that the cross terms $E_mH^*_ne^{i(m-n)\phi}$ integrate to zero due to Fourier orthogonality. **The total Poynting flux is therefore a sum of the Poynting fluxes calculated separately for each $m$.**

Reviewer: This is not quite right.  We are averaging/summing the *powers*, which corresponds to *incoherent* dipoles.  If you put a ring of dipoles into a single simulation, then you have *coherent* dipoles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physically, the *total* field $E(x,y,z)$ is a sum of $E_m(r,z)e^{im\phi}$ terms, one for the solution at each $m$ (similarly for $H$). Computing the total Poynting flux, however, involves integrating $\Re [E \times H^*]$ over a surface that includes an integral over $\phi$ in the range $[0,2\pi]$. (Summing the powers of a single dipole over all $\phi$ is equivalent to summing the powers of an incoherent ensemble of dipoles distributed uniformly in $\phi$: for an incoherent ensemble, you add powers since interference terms cancel, and each dipole location produces the same field up to a rotation.) The key point is that the cross terms $E_mH^*_ne^{i(m-n)\phi}$ integrate to zero due to Fourier orthogonality. **The total Poynting flux is therefore a sum of the Poynting fluxes calculated separately for each $m$.**
```
